Deprecate passing coord_wrap as bare number (#14050)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/visualization/14050.api.rst

Passing a bare number as the ``coord_wrap`` argument to :meth:`astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.CoordinateHelper.set_coord_type` is deprecated.

> Pass a `~astropy.units.Qauntity` with units equivalent to angular degrees instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a `~astropy.units.Quantity` with units equivalent to angular degrees instead.
```

> Passing a bare number as the ``coord_wrap`` argument to :meth:`astropy.visualization.wcsaxes.CoordinateHelper.set_coord_type` is deprecated.
> Pass a `~astropy.units.Qauntity` with units equivalent to angular degrees instead.

Reviewer 2: Aren't we avoiding hyperlinks in the change log entirely?
```suggestion
Passing a bare number as the ``coord_wrap`` argument to ``wcsaxes.CoordinateHelper.set_coord_type`` is deprecated.
Pass a ``astropy.units.Quantity`` with angular units instead.
```

Reviewer: Well... the debate is very old now but I think we did avoid hyperlink to avoid have to come back and change old change logs when we move things around (again) in the future.
